## Day 1 challenge 1 solution
In both challenges the code was written to either take a user input or the file input from the terminal, this was done for ease of testing and reusability. The way that I thought about this was first to try to find a way to intake the data. This was only difficult because I figured that the scale of the input data was way too much for an array or ArrayList. However, upon thinking about it more I realized that there should be enough space in an ArrayList so I through all of the data into 2 of them and it worked. I also did it this way as it allowed me to only have to go through each line of the file once and using the split function of a string (there were exactly 3 spaces in between the lists) allowed a relatively painless experience. Once I had all the data in a list the collections interface allowed me to sort and from there, it was only a matter of subtracting the left from the right list.    
## Day 1 challenge 2 solution
To do this I copied the first half of my code to take all of the inputs and my first thought when it asked to count the number of occurrences was a hash map, and because this was only for the left list I made one hash map and kept the array list for the right list. I did this for the same reason as before: so that I only had to go through the file once. After all of the data was in its respective ArrayList/Hash map I created a for loop that simply checked if the integer at the index was in the map, if it was I added 1 to the value of the map otherwise the value was discarded. Afterwards, I made a new for-each loop that got the similarity score which was done by taking the value and multiplying it by the key and adding it to the total.

Syntax for both challenges
java challenge#.java input.txt OR java challenge#.java
